AI Techwriter documentation update - 2024-11-28 (#1383)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/devtools/api-graphql/queries/queries.mdx

}
```

> To perform a NOT LIKE query, you can use the `Ne` operator combined with the `Like` or `Ilike` operators to filter out entries that match a certain pattern. Here's an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To perform a *NOT LIKE* query, you can use the `Ne` operator combined with the `Like` or `Ilike` operators to filter out entries that match a certain pattern. Here's an example:
```

| String | `Eq`, `Ne`, `Like`, `Ilike`, `In`, `NotIn`, `IsNull`  |
| Integer, Float, DateTime | `Eq`, `Lt`, `Lte`, `Gt`, `Gte`, `Ne`, `In`, `NotIn`, `IsNull`, `Range` |

Discover the essential role of operators in GraphQL queries. Watch the video below:
<div class="cms-embed">

>   <iframe width="600" height="400" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/OGam-xrzuBA?si=cg-SIvWH8OedkrtY" loading="lazy" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <iframe width="600" height="400" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/OGam-xrzuBA?si=cg-SIvWH8OedkrtY" loading="lazy" title="Operators in GraphQL for Real Time Event Queries" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>
```
